Added example to use SaaS API URL in partition_via_api (#2512)
Unstructured-IO/unstructured: docs/source/core/partition.rst

  filename = "example-docs/DA-1p.pdf"

  elements = partition_via_api(
    filename=filename,
    api_key=api_key,
    strategy="auto",
    pdf_infer_table_structure="true"
  )

> If you use Unstructured SaaS API or running the API locally, you can use the ``api_url`` kwarg to point the ``partition_via_api`` function at Unstructured SaaS API URL or self-hosted API URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the Unstructured SaaS API or running the API locally, you can use the ``api_url`` kwarg to point the ``partition_via_api`` function at Unstructured SaaS API URL or self-hosted API URL.
```

  filename = "example-docs/DA-1p.pdf"

  elements = partition_via_api(
    filename=filename,
    api_key=api_key,
    strategy="auto",
    pdf_infer_table_structure="true"
  )

If you use Unstructured SaaS API or running the API locally, you can use the ``api_url`` kwarg

> to point the ``partition_via_api`` function at `Unstructured SaaS API <https://unstructured-io.github.io/unstructured/apis/saas_api.html>`__ or `self-hosted API <https://github.com/Unstructured-IO/unstructured-api>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to point the ``partition_via_api`` function at your `Unstructured SaaS API <https://unstructured-io.github.io/unstructured/apis/saas_api.html>`__  URL, or the `self-hosted API <https://github.com/Unstructured-IO/unstructured-api>`__.
```

Reviewer: wait im not sure if the formatting worked there actually. can we just change have this say "point ... at your Unstructured SaaS API URL" instead of just "Unstructured SaaS API"?

Author: I've updated the wording by removing the links and refer to SaaS or Self-Hosted API URL.

    filename=filename, api_key=api_key, strategy="auto", pdf_infer_table_structure="true"
  )

> If you are using the `Unstructured SaaS API <https://unstructured-io.github.io/unstructured/apis/saas_api.html>`__, you can use the ``api_url`` kwarg to point the ``partition_via_api`` function at Unstructured SaaS API URL or self-hosted API URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the `Unstructured SaaS API <https://unstructured-io.github.io/unstructured/apis/saas_api.html>`__, you can use the ``api_url`` kwarg to point the ``partition_via_api`` function at your Unstructured SaaS API URL.
```

  filename = "example-docs/eml/fake-email.eml"

  elements = partition_via_api(
    filename=filename,
    api_key=<<REPLACE WITH YOUR API KEY>>,

>     api_url="https://<<REPLACE WITH YOUR API URL>>/general/v0/general"

Reviewer: this may not make sense to non saas api users (since this is in the core partition section). should we maintain separate examples so the localhost version can still be illustrated?

Reviewer 2: Yeah let's do separate examples for these. For the localhost one is also the exact URL, so that one's an easy copy/paste

Author: Noted, I have created separate examples to use `partition_via_api` for SaaS and Self-hosted APIs.

  filename = "example-docs/eml/fake-email.eml"

  elements = partition_via_api(
    filename=filename,

>     api_url="http://<<REPLACE WITH YOUR API KEY>>/general/v0/general"

Reviewer: same fix needed here, this is URL and not key, and it would be nice to include api_key in this example snippet

Author: Good point. I've added the `api_key` and used `https` in the `api_url`.
